1. Image sequences/videos: For this exercise, 4 ground truth image sequences and 1 evaluation sequence are provided. Each sequence contain 5 frames sampled from the start to the stop of an exercise. The frames consist one patient subject and a background; evaluate and score base on the patients' exercise performance only.
2. The ground truth sequences belong to each respective score class from 0 to 3 ('Bad'/'Good'/'Very Good'/'Perfect'), while the score for the evaluation sequence is currently unknown and determined by you through analytical reasoning.
3. Exercise Performance is evaluated and scored by how closely matched their postures are to the ground truth of the respective class, while the scores of ground truth themselves are an indication of their adherence to Exercise Description (`exercise_desc`) which will be provided later. Exercise repetitions which better adhere to the Exercise Discription criteria scored higher, while repetitions that do not match these criteria scored lower.
4. Ground truth sequence with a score of 3 can be considered as a like-for-like demonstration of the Exercise Description and is therefore "perfect". Ground truth sequence of score of 2, 1, and 0 are iteratively worse and thus deviates futher from the Exercise Description by each decrement of the score class.
5. A possible strategy for analyzing a evaluation sequence is to firstly compare it to the criterias in Exercise Discription (score = 3) then gradually step down in presumed score and compare with the respective ground truth of the class to obtain a closest match.

Additional things to consider during evaluation, especially when facing extreme cases:
6. All subjects' faces has been blurred for privacy. In cases where the subject in the frame might be incomplete due to image cropping, evaluate their on the body parts in the image for 
7. The subject may hold on to a bar between their hands for exercise 1, 2, 3, and 5. Ignore the bar during the evaluation.
